Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull
My baby! My baby!
Captain.
there's an open gas line.
It's not safe.
Theo!
We are not leaving
a baby to die. Let's go!
...who was killed
in a tragic car accident
last night
when the vehicle lost control.
crashing into...
Theo?
No. leave me alone.
Angie?
- Hello?
- Mikaela...
What?
Now. Mikaela. go!
Sam?
M-Tech’s systems
are supposedly impenetrable.
But you hacked them three times
in the last six months.
Sensitive stuff that you stole.
Highly classified intelligence.
You only get your hands
on documents like those
if you know exactly where to find them.
So...
who’s your source?
Do you know what happens
when a human body burns?
Hmm?
Do you?
Your muscles melt first
and that exposes your nerve endings.
It’s so unbearably painful that
your brain goes into shock
and your heart stops.
and within seconds
you’re dead as a doornail.
But...
Yes. this stuff keeps that shock at bay.
Shh!
Hey. hey. hey. hey!
And you feel everything.
And best of all. the best part is
that we can do it over and over again.
As long as it takes.
until you start talking.
Come now. come. come...
Please!
Please. don't do this. Please!
Please don't do this.
Mikaela. listen. I’m going
to be honest with you. okay?
There’s no question
of you leaving here alive. okay?
The only question you need to answer
is how much pain...
you’re willing to experience
before you die.
Okay. Hey!
Samuel Isaacs.
He worked for M-Tech in the '90s.
doing research
and development out of Joburg.
He’s the one that wants
to expose everything.
the one we’ve been looking for all along.
Where’s he now?
We’re on his trail.
Jesus. Ernst. I thought you had him.
What does he have?
Enough. Doesn’t matter.
He won’t have a chance to use it.
Wes...
eat your breakfast.
Otherwise you’ll be late for school.
I don’t mind.
Just give me the money.
that’s way easier. isn’t it?
That’s not how it works. Wesley.
and you know it.
Come on. Mommy.
I know the Tooth Fairy is a hoax.
Says who?
Says everyone and if she’s real.
where was she last night?
Maybe she’ll come tonight.
I’m too old for that stuff.
I mean. a real Tooth Fairy would be fair.
and leave at least R20 for a tooth.
R5 is peanuts.
Hello? Are you saying
the Tooth Fairy is stingy?
No. I’m saying you are.
- Wesley. go brush your teeth.
- Already done.
Please. drop it now. Angie.
Not all of us can afford that attitude.
- Be good. my baby.
- I always am.
I know. that’s why you’re my number one.
my champ.
Hmm?
Do you know who just popped in
while you were in the bathroom?
Do you? The Tooth Fairy.
- Don’t spend it all at once. okay?
- I can’t make any promises.
Let’s go.
Theo...
good luck today.
Okay. Yeah?
Eddie. I'm gonna call you back
in a minute.
Theo Abrams.
You look like shit.
You got fat.
Bloody hell.
- I've missed you.
- I've missed you too. man.
Looks like you're managing
just fine without me.
Eh...
I. um...
I just saw two trucks
heading into town.
Yeah. Flare-up on the mountain.
so we're relief support.
Did you say howzit to the guys?
Hmm.
How are things?
I'm good. I'm fine.
I. uh. took the time off
as I was asked.
But now I'm ready to come back.
You know my hands are tied
until psych clears you.
Ugh. come on. Moses.
you know I don't need a shrink.
You still getting
those blackouts?
I'm fine.
What does Angie think?
You're not gonna
wanna hear this.
But I've been asked to find
a permanent replacement for you.
The District Chief's
been informed that you're...
you're resisting treatment.
Yes. because it's a fucking
waste of time. Moses.
It's not weak to ask for help.
How many times
have we seen this?
Guys who'd rather sit back
and watch their lives
fall apart
instead of getting the help
that they need.
We soldier on. even though
we know we shouldn't.
Now. ask yourself.
how does it always end up?
If you're as fine
as you say you are...
then get the doc
to give you your clearance.
Theo! We have
a civic responsibility
to ensure our ability
to help others.
How am I. how is anyone
supposed to help you
if you won't help yourself?
It's good to see you too.
Chief.
Hello. this is Angela Abrams.
- Hello?
- Can I speak to Theo Abrams?
Sorry. you just missed him.
He left his phone at home.
- Can I take a message?
- When will he be back?
I’m not sure.
Anything I can help you with?
- Hello?
- You’re a journalist
for the Cape Atlantic.
That’s right. To whom am I speaking?
A friend. I have a lead for you.
- It involves your husband.
- What about him?
He needs our help. Angela.
Can you and I meet? It’s urgent.
Okay. take down my email address.
then we can...
We don’t have that kind of time.
You have to trust me.
Meet me at 11:00 a.m.. Pier place.
on Adderley. and come alone. right?
- Your husband’s life depends on it.
- Who the hell are you?
I’m glad you phoned me. Theo. Thank you.
I should be thanking you. Doc.
I know it’s short notice.
How are you?
How are things at home?
The last time I saw you. you were ashamed.
because you felt
you didn’t deserve to live.
that you should have died in that fire.
I know what I said.
That’s why I lost my job. isn’t it?
Do you still feel that way?
What do you think?
I think you’re here...
and that’s a good start. at least.
You know how this works. Theo.
The computer sends signals to your brain
that stimulate your subconscious.
Okay?
The sensors do all the work.
All you need to do is relax. Okay?
Theo. Breathe. You’re safe. I’m here.
You’re safe.
You have to relive this trauma.
That way. over time. your brain
can minimize the emotional pain.
Then we can manage it.
But it won’t work if you fight against it.
Trust my process. Theo.
Let’s go this way.
Sir.
I hate cloak-and-dagger stuff like this.
And once someone threatens my family...
Listen. Angela. You can trust me.
Your husband needs my help.
and I need yours. so...
So. take a seat.
Please?
Who are you?
My name is Sam.
I’ll get straight to the point.
I have proof
of a huge government conspiracy.
I’m talking about
the higher ups’ higher ups.
- You’re familiar with M-Tech?
- An army contractor?
Not a contractor. the contractor.
Murder. treason. you name it.
And they’ll do anything to stop me.
because I have proof.
And I’m at the end of my rope.
But we shouldn’t actually be talking here.
It’s not safe here.
- What’s your ETA?
- We’re almost there.
Do not lose them.
Please. start from the beginning.
You said my husband’s life is in danger.
Yes. A long time ago. I worked for M-Tech.
Research and development.
The things I saw during those two years.
Some people will do anything in the name
of national security.
I’m talking about assassinations.
biological weapons.
extreme defense initiatives.
The type of stuff that would give
you nightmares.
Fourteen years. That’s how long
I’ve been trying to expose them.
but they’re always one step ahead of me.
Last night.
They killed my partner last night.
What?
The woman who was helping me
find the classified documents.
The last thing she gave me. right?
Is a list with a bunch
of detailed profiles
of people all across Africa.
They’re seemingly unconnected.
except for this.
they’re either dead. or in jail.
Your husband’s name is on
that list. Angela.
and I promise you. it’s not a mistake.
Our time’s up. Check out that black BM.
they’re looking for me.
Listen. I haven’t been able to work out
the connection with your husband.
but only 11 of the people on that list
are in the Cape and he’s one of them.
I’ve tried contacting the rest.
Two are behind bars.
three are already dead.
and the others have just disappeared.
Your husband is a target.
Why and for what reason. I don’t know.
All I ask of you now. Angela.
is to trust me.
Daddy?
Wesley. shouldn’t you be in bed?
Where’s mommy?
Okay. mommy will be here soon. okay?
Okay?
Come on. go back to bed.
Hi.
you've reached Angela Abrams.
please leave a message
and I'll get back to you.
Angie. it’s me again. Where are you?
Let me know where you are. please.
It’s getting late.
- You scared me!
- What are you busy with. Angie?
- Hi. Theo.
- Hi. Where were you?
- I had something important to do.
- Angie. I’ve been phoning you all day.
but apparently my own wife
doesn’t answer my calls.
Angie?
Angie? What are you doing?
- Where’s Wesley?
- Wesley’s sleeping. has been for ages.
Angie. where were you?
And what are you putting in that box?
Angie!
Come.
I got a call this morning.
He was actually looking for you.
To let you know your life is in danger.
What?
He asked to meet with me.
so I went to see him.
Wait. wait. who? What’s his name?
Sam. Samuel Isaacs. He worked
for M-Tech a long time ago.
Samuel... What is M-Tech?
The big defense contractor.
Sam showed me a file. Theo.
The file that M-Tech has on you
is full of personal info.
Okay. like what?
Your whole life. our life. it’s all there.
Inside the metadata of an account
that’s linked to M-Tech.
I don’t understand what you’re telling me.
I’m still trying
to process everything myself.
That metadata has the same kind
of info on 463 people.
People with no connection to one another.
completely random. except...
Except what?
About half the people are either dead...
or in jail.
Okay. For what?
Murder.
Attempted murder.
It’s not always the same.
Sam thinks it’s linked to a program
at M-Tech.
Something to do with assassinations.
If it’s true. it’s beyond horrifying.
And a massive story.
so I’m preparing to publish all of it.
the government will have to investigate.
- To me. the whole sounds...
- Totally crazy.
- yes.
- Yes.
I know. Theo. but I saw the evidence
Sam has.
He used to work for M-Tech
and he has solid inside info.
Names. accounts. testimonies.
It’s all there.
It points to a conspiracy
at the highest levels.
And if we don’t do something now...
What does this whole thing have to do
with me? I mean. I...
I don’t know yet.
Okay. Angie. what if all of this is just
a bunch of nonsense?
What if this is just some crazy guy...
Of course.
that was my first thought. Theo.
But what about the alternative?
- Okay. what’s the alternative?
- What if all of it’s true.
and they come looking for you?
Theo. just go take a shower.
then we can talk. once you’re sober.
Angie. Angie. Angie.
Don’t be judgmental. please.
All right? You’re not the one
that lost their job today. I am.
I lost my job. not you. Right?
After I was forced to see
the psychiatrist...
- Forced?
- I was forced. Angie.
Theo. your PTSD
is only getting worse. I can tell.
- Oh. my PTSD. is that right?
- Every night it’s more nightmares
- and more blackouts.
- Yes. yes...
The guys want you to open up
about what happened...
- Oh. the guys...
- Talk. so that you can heal
and be my husband again!
I am your husband.
and I’m standing right in front of you.
- No. no. Theo. you’re not.
- Where am I then?
I’m all alone
and you’re drinking the day away.
- Like that’s an original solution.
- Oh. I drink the day away?
I do nothing but drink?
- Yes. Theo!
- Fuck you! Yes. fuck you!
Mommy?
Mm-hmm?
Are you and daddy getting divorced?
Of course not. my dear.
Adults argue sometimes.
but we still love each other.
And you.
Why is daddy always so angry?
Your dad is going through
a very tough time. Wes.
But he’s doing his best.
Close your eyes now.
I love you.
Angie. I’m sorry.
I didn’t mean it.
You have to believe me. please.
Trust me.
Do you even trust yourself. Theo?
We are not
leaving a baby to die.
You’re up early. Angie.
Angie?
Angie!
Come on. Angie.
come on. come on! No! No!
No!
Daddy?
Hey. Hey.
Police! Open the door!
Open this door immediately!
Police!
Open up!
Where’s your wife?
Stay where you are.
Step away from that child.
I’m going to tell you one more time.
get away from that child! Now!
He killed his wife.
Give me the child. Let go of the child!
Give the child to me.
- Leave the child alone!
- Let go of me!
You are arrested on murder charges.
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say
can be used against you...
Mr. Abrams?
I am Detective Williamson.
Can you tell me what happened?
Mr. Abrams.
I don’t know. I... I can’t...
- Where’s my son?
- He’s speaking to another detective.
Is there anyone we can contact?
Wesley.
everything will be all right. okay?
Don’t worry.
Everything will be all right. Wesley.
Where’s he going?
- Where are you taking him?
- Mr. Abrams...
I didn’t do it. I didn’t do anything.
I’d never hurt my Angie.
you have to believe me.
I’d never hurt Angie. please.
You have to believe me!
Why would I hurt Angie? I love her.
I love Angie. please. Please.
Please.
Psst.
No. hey. no!
Help!
Jack!
Stand back! Stand back! Stop moving!
Hands in the air!
Hands behind your head!
Stay where you are!
I want an APB
across all channels.
I want units
patrolling every hospital.
every clinic in the area.
because if he's injured.
he's going to need
medical attention.
Lock a perimeter
around the city.
How the hell did that happen?
Theodore Abrams.
Deputy Station Commander
at Salt River fire station.
Now. we received
a tip-off this morning
about some suspected
domestic violence at his home.
When our units arrived.
we found his wife
has been murdered.
Theo was arrested
as a prime suspect.
but he has
since escaped custody.
killing four of our men.
And one more person.
who was in police custody.
Now. the man is considered
to be armed and dangerous.
Not only is he
the deputy station commander.
but he's trained
in emergency operations.
search and rescue.
He's done three years
with the SANDF fire academy
and he volunteers.
self-defense training
in some of our own units.
The man is an impressive target.
On any other day.
we'd be celebrating him.
How are we going to approach
this thing? No. sit. sit. sit. sit.
General Shard. I didn’t think you would...
Relax. Williamson. relax.
Mike Richards and Julian Tsepe
were two of my captains.
I’m doing this for them.
I understand the victim
was a journalist. yes?
Yes. the online reporter
for the Cape Atlantic.
That means the media will want
to ride this thing. long and hard.
We have to keep them at a distance.
Hello. Captain.
I heard
you popped by yesterday.
- Didn't even come and say hi?
- Sorry. man. I. uh...
You guys looking after
Archie for me?
It's us that need looking after.
you must see
the man's latest squeeze. Cap.
A granny from Crawford.
I told you.
she didn't even look 50.
And it's Rondebosch East.
Anyway. you back. or what. Cap?
No. I...
I’m going to have a quick chat
with the Chief. okay?
See you guys later. okay?
You know. your mom
never really loved you. huh?
Bro. what the hell?
Talking about my squeeze
looks 50.
- you mad?
- Hey. hey!
Theo. what the hell happened?
Car accident.
Tobie. please give me a minute.
Yeah.
One of his neighbors phoned
this morning. anonymously.
Apparently he heard
the woman screaming. around 6:45.
Two of our units were sent out
to the house.
- Where’s the coroner’s report?
- We’re still waiting.
But she was clearly strangled.
it’s asphyxiation.
Is that your expert opinion?
- General. it’s a slam-dunk case.
- It’s a manhunt.
Every little mistake we make now
leads to another murder.
From now on. all leads are to be reported
to me directly.
You have got
to tell me what's going on.
I can't help you
if you don't tell me
what's going on.
Trust me...
It's better if you don't know.
...the Pretorius street area
around ten o'clock
this morning.
Theo Abrams is considered
armed and dangerous.
- What did he say?
- Wanted
in connection
with multiple homicides.
including four SAPS officers.
Anyone with information
on the suspect
can report to Central
or call the SAPS
emergency crime hotline.
What’s wrong?
Wait.
What the hell are you doing
with a gun. Theo?
I...
Moses. stop. Moses.
Please. stop.
What is going on?
Someone tried to kill me. Moses.
Call that crime hotline.
What do you mean.
someone tried to kill you?
Theo. talk to me. please.
Hey!
No one needs to know about this.
- We can call Angie...
- Angie's dead. Moses!
She's dead!
I had no choice!
Let me help you.
But first you have to
let me have the gun.
- No.
- Please. give me the gun.
I'm... I'm sorry.
Hold it there.
hold it there. hold it there.
Shit. Fuck.
Hey!
Hey. Moses. Hey. hey.
I'm here. I'm here. I'm here.
It's okay. It's okay. it's okay.
Hey. hey. Hang in there. okay?
You hang in there.
Hey. help is here.
help is here. okay?
Whoever did this.
I'm gonna find them. Okay?
I'll see you soon.
Are you done?
Hey. you. Who are you?
Hey. speak.
141 Ferndale Road.
The station commander
is in a critical condition.
but he’s alive.
This is a massacre. nothing less.
We need to catch this guy today.
you hear me?
Theo Abrams saved 198 people
in four years.
And another 25 since he became captain.
- His colleagues see him as a hero.
- So. what are you trying to say?
He’s been on mandatory leave
for five months.
after he lost two of his friends
in a fire.
And. according to his file.
there have been two incidents at his home.
apparently domestic disturbance.
And his neighbors.
they say he’s been aggressive lately.
They don’t know him
to usually be that way.
- All since that specific fire.
- What are you getting at?
It’s obvious. General.
PTSD.
That’s why he was on mandatory leave.
Perhaps even why he murdered his wife.
General. the guys
from the fire department.
They see the same horrors we do.
Probably worse.
- How is that relevant?
- It is relevant.
because they have to power through.
Because the public relies on them.
just like the police.
General. here it is. black on white.
We can use it to expose
this cycle of trauma.
Perhaps put systems in place to ensure...
No one gives a wit about PTSD.
You should know that.
The public expects the police
to protect them.
They don’t want to know
that we can’t even protect ourselves.
Theo Abrams is not a victim.
He’s a murderer and that’s that.
I found out who his psychiatrist is.
We have to go see her.
Maybe she can help us figure out
what’s going on in his head.
All right. all right.
make the appointment.
But send out a press release.
I want Theo Abrams’ face
on every TV news channel.
every radio station. on the front page.
If he tweets something.
I want to know about it.
This bastard isn’t going to hide from us.
I thought you wanted to keep the media
at a distance. General.
It’s too late for that.
Excuse me. sir. can I help you?
Yeah. no. I'm fine.
I'm actually just visiting
a friend. that's all.
All guests are required
to sign in
for security purposes.
This way. please.
Who are you visiting today. sir?
Um... I'm. uh. I...
- Uh...
- Sir?
Ma'am.
put down the phone.
Uh. Sir. I have to call
the staff you're visiting
so that he or she can come
fetch you.
we don't allow
visitors in unattended.
- Security...
- Okay.
Put down the phone. now.
So. in every way
that this ends badly for me.
it ends badly for you.
do you understand? Good.
Now...
The security control room.
Take me there.
Now.
Fourteen hours ago. okay.
Black BMW.
Damn it.
Okay.
Where's that?
Service entrance.
There are hallway cameras. Okay.
You clever bastard.
This feed's on a loop.
These timecodes don't add up.
Okay. Okay.
I need a list of every person
living on the 16th floor
for the last week. Okay?
Can you get me that list?
Yes? Or this ends badly for him.
No. no. please. okay.
it's fine. I'll go. But. um...
I need to get it
from the front desk.
You have two minutes. okay?
Two minutes.
And bring a master key with you.
you understand?
- Okay? Go. go. go.
- Okay.
I have great appreciation
and understanding for you. Doctor...
as a volunteer who does so much good work
with people in the public service.
Your work is highly regarded.
- but...
- But some people
don’t believe in the process.
Do you know how many times
I’ve seen it happen?
I’ve lost friends. good friends.
And the problem
wasn’t a lack of support. or systems.
or trauma counselling.
The problem was pride.
Who wants to be seen as a weakling?
And here we have Theo Abrams now.
How many more people need
to die for his pride?
He’s had opportunities
for counselling. yes?
And he refused.
- Correct?
- Trauma isn’t rational. General.
And you’re confusing pride
with shame or fear.
I understand there’s much at stake. but...
But the bodies are piling up.
No one wants another death.
Just help us find Theo.
You want me to discuss a patient. It's...
it’s not only unethical. it’s illegal.
And if your patient kills 15 people
in cold blood?
Confidentiality is nonnegotiable.
Captain. you were in this chair yourself.
only recently.
How would you feel if I told a stranger
your deepest. most painful secrets?
With all due respect. Doctor.
Rene didn’t kill 15 people today.
- Give me the key.
You...
It's okay. don't worry.
Hey. it's okay. don't worry.
- No... no. please.
- Get in. get in. Get in.
I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
It's okay. it's okay.
Okay. Shit.
- Yes?
- Uh. sorry.
- What’s his name?
- Samuel Isaacs.
He worked for M-Tech a long time ago.
I got a call this morning.
Saying your life is in danger.
Authorities are still searching
for Theo Abrams.
a fire fighter from Cape Town.
Abrams leaves behind a trail of carnage
that started with the gruesome murder
of his wife.
the respected journalist. Angela Abrams.
Four police officers
and nine firefighters...
Sam thinks it’s linked to a program
at M-Tech.
Something to do with assassinations.
Where’s the laptop? Where’s the laptop?
Who the fuck are you? Who?
Who the fuck are you?
Was it you who killed my wife
and tried to frame me?
Do you work for M-Tech?
Thought so. stupid bitch.
I’m going to find out who’s responsible
for this.
Then you’re all going to pay.
Take the stairs.
Out the way. get out of the way.
It wasn’t me.
The whole thing is a setup.
someone’s trying to frame me.
It doesn’t seem that way to me.
But let’s assume you’re telling the truth.
Put down that weapon.
then you explain it to me.
Mr. Abrams. please.
Too many people have already died today.
It can end now. if you help me.
Your choice.
Theo.
We met at your house.
I just want to tell you something.
My husband shot at my daughter and I.
He wanted to kill us.
But he only managed that with one person.
himself.
And I know. I know he’s in a better place.
And that he regrets what he did.
He was a good man.
He just couldn’t protect himself
from himself.
But you. Theo. you can protect Wesley.
All he wants is his dad.
And if you try to flee again.
it can only end one way.
What becomes of your son then?
Theo. please.
Don’t make an orphan of him.
You know all too well how that feels.
Open the door!
You can’t get away. open up.
Theo. open up!
Bastard.
Fuck.
Could we get anything from the CCTV?
All the cameras stopped working at once.
A system failure. apparently.
That’s convenient.
Well. at least no video of us will end up
on social media.
Yes. and the guy in the elevator.
the injured one.
Did he have anything to say?
He has four broken ribs and a stab wound
in his leg.
According to him.
Abrams just attacked him.
- What about this guy?
- Dead as a doornail for 12 hours already.
The first thing Abrams said was
that someone is trying to frame him.
That means he came here looking
for something.
Proof.
We have to find out who this guy is.
That might tell us what Abrams
is looking for.
Williamson.
Hmm?
Go home.
What? Why?
You placed yourself and a senior officer
in danger.
There in the hallway earlier with Abrams.
You weren’t focused on the case.
only your own agenda.
I’m taking you off the case.
effective immediately.
General. that’s absolute bullshit.
I have the best chance of anyone to solve
this case.
Or fuck it up.
Sussex Industries.
Relax. Captain. I want to help you.
Theo Abrams.
Only survivor.
"Believes himself
to be responsible
for his parents' deaths."
Mm-hmm.
"Displays extraordinary
resilience to childhood trauma."
- Come on. let me see.
- Leave it.
Leave it.
I never liked that mirror.
It’s always been a pain in my butt.
How would I ever survive without you?
You’re a survivor. T. That’s what you do.
Since long before you met me.
- What the fuck?
- Samuel Isaacs.
The corpse at the hotel.
I ran his fingerprints myself.
The guy is a freaking ghost.
This is literally all we have on him.
I really hope I drew the wrong conclusions
about you.
Sit.
Where are we?
FRS picked him up on one
of the street cameras.
- I’m on my way.
- We’re too close to the end. Ernst.
Finish this thing now.
I don’t care how you do it.
Colonel Marquez.
thank you for meeting me
at this hour.
You don't have to
thank me yet. Minister.
I don't know why I'm here.
Well. I'll get
straight to the point.
After your president's
untimely death.
China began lobbying hard
to ensure your vice-president
becomes the country's successor.
His loyalty to the East
is no secret.
With him in power.
it will ensure
their military stronghold
in the region
for decades to come.
But we have the opportunity
to ensure that doesn't happen.
You're the strongest
opposition leader in Angola.
so my question to you.
Colonel. is.
do you want to be
the next president?
African Union
Summit stalls...
My name is Samuel Isaacs.
and this testimony relates
to an ongoing investigation
into M-Tech.
an experimental program.
known as Indemnity.
and its creator.
South Africa's Minister
of Defense.
You don't have
that kind of power.
What if I did?
What if. together.
we and others like us
- can take back this continent?
- How?
Back in 1996.
I was tasked with testing
the psychical effects
of advanced psychoplasma drugs
on volunteers.
mostly men and some women
from the military.
Guinea pigs
for experimental procedures
that would supposedly
advance treatment
of extreme post-traumatic
stress disorder. or PTSD.
Shock therapy. coercion.
cognitive manipulation
techniques were
routinely demonstrated
on South African citizens
to study the body's response
to trauma using
powerful serums.
But what I later discovered
was that the program
wasn't designed to treat PTSD.
but to manipulate it.
To use it to create
unwitting soldiers
who would obediently
take the fall for crimes
they didn't commit.
by forcibly rehabilitating
their memories
with powerful medication.
The program was tested
in various African countries
where M-Tech had set up
training facilities.
a front
for secret military outposts.
Outposts that were a cover
for the planning of.
and systematic elimination
of powerful political leaders
on the continent.
who all had one thing in common.
interests that weren't aligned
to the politics of David Gordon.
We traced Samuel Isaacs’ tax number.
His last official salary came
through 14 years ago.
He did freelance investigative work for us
for about two years. from 2004.
We do a thorough background check
on everyone.
Company policy.
- This guy was part of Special Forces.
- That’s why we hired him.
Our best investigators are guys
with military experience.
Makes them ten times better than the rest.
if you ask me.
Can you remember if he ever mentioned
a Theo Abrams?
He didn’t say much. Never asked questions.
So we didn’t either.
Until he disappeared in 2006.
Vanished off the face of the Earth.
it seems.
Back when I began leaking intel
to the press.
M-Tech was investigated.
It didn't take long
for some staff to defect
or turn state's witness.
But I knew better.
I resigned quietly.
went off the grid.
And today. I'm the only witness
still alive.
but I needed help.
I needed proof
of this conspiracy.
Mikaela Morris
helped with that.
She was an expert
at information retrieval.
She found that M-Tech
had infiltrated
the highest levels
of African governments.
David Gordon has murdered
countless African leaders
and framed unwitting suspects
using this illegal.
experimental programme.
which itself is a violation
of the Geneva Convention.
The question we need
to ask ourselves is.
to what end?
You made me work for my pay today. hey?
But that’s okay. that’s okay.
I actually enjoyed it.
Now I’m going to kill you.
Get the car. I need to get to M-Tech.
It's okay.
it's okay. it's okay.
- Kill me.
- No.
Please. Please. kill me.
Theo. please.
What exactly do I need to do?
Keep the phone. It will ring
when the time is right.
Did you hear? Moses Tweste passed away
in the middle of the night.
Yes. it’s awful. Just yesterday.
the doctors were telling me
he’s recovering well.
I was hoping to see him today.
So yes.
Look here.
This is the hospital. close to the ward
where his bed was.
The cameras stopped working.
Sounds familiar. hey?
But this hospital has another generator
on a different site
for things like ICU.
so the CCTV kept working.
Now. only staff and family members
are allowed in here. no one else.
Fucking hell.
Is that the guy from the hotel elevator?
- Did he murder Tweste?
- Possibly.
Come again.
Yes. Not registered?
Okay. thanks.
The guy’s cell number is fake.
His address. too. It’s all bullshit.
He’s the only one
we haven’t identified yet. Am I right?
I think I’m going to vote for him.
this one. this Gordon guy.
I think he’d make a good president.
even though he’s a White guy.
Tell me.
How soon after your husband’s death
did you return to work?
Three miserable. unpaid weeks.
Because it was suicide.
life insurance meant nothing.
He took everything from you
and left you with nothing.
You’re trying to bribe a detective.
I should lock you up.
You’re welcome to.
if you’re that determined to keep losing.
Wait.
Yes?
I have a new lead. Come on.
I... I need to fetch my daughter
from home.
Or school rather
and drop her off at home.
I’ll phone as soon as I’m done.
Theo.
The internet is an amazing thing. Doc.
If you search hard enough.
you can find anything.
Like. for example...
who developed Torvidep?
The medication that’s supposed
to correct PTSD patients’
chemical imbalances?
Advanced psychoplasma drugs.
And you were a resident
with Avark Pharmaceuticals.
But that name didn’t last long.
M-Tech bought out the company.
Then it became Rotterscope International.
And they’re the ones...
who made these pills.
Yes. And you helped kickstart
the Sancore Foundation.
And Rotterscope is your biggest investor.
But the foundation helped
offer psychological care
to members of the navy. the army.
police...
and firefighters.
And that’s how you got access to everyone.
Which computer?
You gave me the pills.
You messed with my head.
You sent someone to my house
to kill my wife
and made me believe it was me.
But how?
How is it possible
that I can’t remember anything?
But I figured it out. Doc.
It’s the pills and your hypnosis.
That’s how you make us forget.
Turn us into unreliable witnesses.
Yes.
And that’s the key that was just
out of Samuel’s reach.
There are 400 names on that list.
And let me guess.
they all got some of these pills.
Yes. And they all received
the same hypnosis therapy as me.
Ready to be framed. or killed.
or whatever David Gordon needs that day.
But that’s... that’s what Indemnity is.
isn’t it?
Yes.
Sancore’s founding statement.
Beautifully worded by you-know-who.
David Gordon.
But there’s only one thing
I can’t figure out.
Angie started digging around two days ago.
So when did you program me?
Was it during all of our sessions?
So that you can use me the day
you need me?
Well. you have two options. Doc.
Either you tell me what you did to me
and why.
Or everything comes to an end for you.
right now.
Hi. it's Detective Williamson.
please leave a message.
This is a post-hypnotic
triggering mechanism.
It synchronizes
with the electrical currents in your brain
to take over.
All I need to do is press this button
and you’re activated.
What do you mean. activated?
You were programmed to kill your wife.
Theo.
What? Why?
That’s not why we originally selected you
for the program...
but she started digging
in the wrong places.
She forced us to move things along
more quickly.
- You’re messing with my head.
- That’s how the program works.
People become weapons.
Theo. you are Indemnity.
The hypnosis by itself wasn’t sufficient.
That’s why we created Torvidep.
It makes the patient more receptive
to instructions.
Listen closely.
The instructions speak
to the primal components of the brain.
And it works because it connects
to instincts that are already there.
No matter how you look at it.
it’s still your hands that strangled
your wife.
You’re here because you’re looking
for redemption.
something to free you from that burden
of guilt.
But I can’t give it to you.
You think I’m mad.
To be able to program a person
in this way isn’t madness.
it’s brilliant. it’s innovative.
the future of warfare.
I could use your pain. your trauma.
because you allowed it.
You made yourself the ideal candidate.
You’re looking for proof
that you’re innocent.
but that’s the one thing
you’ll never find.
That’s what makes my process perfect.
If Angela had published her story.
it would have destroyed this country.
There’s honor in what you did.
A higher purpose.
This program. believe me.
it’s our big chance to change the world.
Why are you telling me all this?
You have about 30 seconds to decide.
Either you can keep your trap shut
about everything you just heard
or soon you can visit your son
in the morgue.
I’ll kill you.
Then you’re also killing Wesley.
That I can guarantee.
They might ask questions you don’t want
to answer.
You think that I’ll let you get away
with this?
- After everything you’ve done to me?
- Abrams...
leave her alone.
Abrams. stand back.
Don’t shoot.
On your knees and put down the weapon.
Williamson. wait. wait. wait.
Mr. Abrams. you said there’s a conspiracy.
false evidence against you.
Please. I want to hear your side
of the story.
Is there a reason you don’t want
to talk to me?
Look. you can trust us.
I’m guilty.
I did it.
Come on.
Excuse me. guys.
Thank you.
What happened here?
Why was he here with you?
My guess? He was looking for help.
Therapy.
After everything he’s caused.
Please drop my car off at the station.
thank you.
How did you get here so quickly?
I...
I happened to be around the corner
when the alert came through.
The Commissioner wants us back
at the station for a press conference.
She wants us to capitalize on the arrest.
As soon as possible.
You should do it.
You deserve it. you’re a good detective.
You’re the future.
I’m retiring.
That stuff you said about your daughter
is true. isn’t it?
Then you’ll understand. the only thing
that matters to me now is Wesley.
And he doesn’t have anything to do
with this.
- Where’s his son? Where’s Wesley?
- That’s none of your business.
No. wait. you said he’d be safe.
Hey! What do I tell my superiors
and the media?
You’re clever. you’ll think of something.
Listen. please. you can do what you want
with me.
but leave Wesley out of this.
Please. he’s my child.
Stop whining. he won’t know what
it’s like being an orphan for very long.
Get up and run.
Sorry. Wesley.
Give me your gun. Give me your gun.
Was it you who gave Wesley to them?
Is that why you helped me just now?
So I’m only going to ask you this once.
What did you do with my son?
Tell me now. or I swear I’ll blow
your brains out.
M-Tech.
He’s at M-Tech.
Get in.
Theo. please. I can help you get him out.
You can’t go in there alone.
that’s just crazy.
Theo!
Luckily for you. I’m already crazy.
- Wake him up.
- Sir?
I said. wake him up.
Mr. Abrams.
It seems like the two of us were destined
to meet today.
Where’s my son?
You need to stop this lone wolf
in the eleventh-hour bullshit.
This thing certainly isn’t going to end
the way you want it to.
But I know men like you.
You hide behind patriotism.
But the truth will always come to light.
You know absolutely nothing about men
like me.
You use trauma. innocent people’s pain.
as weapons.
This situation is a bit larger
than the loss you...
What’s the point. you wouldn’t understand.
I know you have an agenda.
You kill people all across Africa.
And I don’t care what the reasons are.
all I want is my child.
Take him to the laboratory.
Where’s Wesley?
You’ll see him again soon. Mr. Abrams.
What do you want?
In a word. freedom.
The Chinese and the Americans have
stolen Africa’s most valuable resources.
taken over our economies
and run our democracies
for their own benefit.
Not anymore.
I’m going to take back what’s ours.
So you want to start a war?
Kill millions of people.
Perhaps.
But Africa is finally united.
Thanks to my weapons.
If it takes a war to get
the colonial powers off our continent.
then that is what will happen.
Please. you don’t care about the people
of Africa.
All you want is power.
So show us what your true motives are.
You almost threw a spanner in the works.
Mr. Abrams.
But in the end you were quite useful.
We are very close to the finish line.
thanks to you shutting up your wife.
We are very grateful to you.
So I’m going to do you a favor.
Your own hands will determine
what happens next.
Will you prepare. Doctor?
His son. Wesley.
No. No. no. no. no!
No!
Do it or must I take over?
I’m going to kill you.
- Let me know when you’re done.
- I’m going to fucking kill you! No!
Please. please.
you don’t need to do this. please.
Please!
Shit.
Think very carefully
about what your next move is going to be.
Okay? Where is he? Where’s Wesley?
I trusted you. Doc.
And you turned me into a murderer.
So what’s happening to you now
is your own fault.
Where’s Wesley?
The western corridor.
Substation three.
Wesley!
Wes!
No!
Wesley!
Stand back. Wesley.
Wesley?
I’ve got you.
Daddy? Daddy! Daddy!
Daddy? Daddy! Daddy! Dad!
The horrors that have
come to light about M-Tech's
gross abuse of power
left all of us traumatised.
But justice will prevail.
As we look at fixing
the missteps of government.
we must usher in
a time for healing.
in memory of those
countless lives lost.
by those who were
simply misguided.
Thank you.
That was a mere two hours
before Minister of Defense.
David Gordon. was implicated
on charges of terrorism.
racketeering. murder.
and conspiracy.
in connection with the breaking
M-Tech investigation
that sent shockwaves
around the world.
How are you holding up?
I’m doing everything to get you
out of here.
But it’s going to take a few more days.
It’s a unique case. to say the least.
What does it matter?
It doesn’t.
You’re a brave man. Theo.
You’re stronger than just about anyone
I’ve ever worked with.
But you’re punishing
yourself unnecessarily.
for something that’s not your fault.
You have to learn to forgive yourself.
no one will do it for you.
Otherwise you’ll end up a bitter old man
with only regret for company.
You say it doesn’t matter.
Tell him that.
Daddy. when are you coming home?
One of these days. okay?
- I promise.
- Good.
We need to talk business.
Hi.
My name is Theo Abrams.
Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull